Add tagger section to README per 1272 (#1460)
ansible/ansible-documentation: README.md

```bash
podman run --rm --tty --volume "$(pwd):/mnt:z" --workdir /mnt docker.io/library/python:3.10 bash -c 'pip install nox ; nox -s pip-compile'
```

> ## Creating release tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating release tags

```

Author: Is this just "new line following a heading" for Markdown? I guess I need to get my MD linting setup to catch this. Sorry.

Reviewer: Yeah, just a new line after the heading. No worries.

> Creating tags that correspond with releases and release candidates in [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a tag is created in the [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) repository for a release or release candidate, a corresponding tag should be created in this `ansible-documentation` repository.
```

Reviewer: It's probably a bit wordier but I think we need to explain a bit more clearly "when" to create tags.

Author: Agreed. This absolutely makes it more clear.

> First, install the additional tagging dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install the additional tagging dependencies as follows:
```

Reviewer: There needs to be some kind of ending punctuation for the sentence. Because this is a "lead in" or introductory sentence, I tend to use "as follows:" but you could reword it as you see fit.

```bash

> pip install gitpython typer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python -m pip install -r hacking/tagger/requirements.txt
```

Reviewer: There's a requirements file in the `tagger` folder that you can use. It might also be an idea to suggest creating a venv and installing into that to avoid polluting the user space.

Author: Yeah, this was the bit I'd had questions about if I'd done right. I'd initially followed [the manual setup guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/documentation_contributions.html#setting-up-your-environment-to-build-documentation-locally), and then looked at the `nox` setup as well, but neither got the needed requirements. 

I'd written this part *assuming* that the reader had done one of those at this point (which I shouldn't do). 

Is there something cleaner than this? If not, I'll update it to at least suggest creating a venv.

Reviewer: Not quite sure what you mean by cleaner. I suppose you don't really need the `python -m` portion and can trim it down to just `pip install`.

The venv bit can just be a comment in the codeblock too so it's discrete. I'd imagine anyone doing this would have a venv already so just a hint is all that's needed really.

Author: Do you think that + the updated info above makes this clear enough, and has sufficient reminder about the venv?

Reviewer: Yes, I think that's fine now. Thank you.

```

> Next, you'll need to ensure that you have both [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) and [`ansible/ansible-documentation`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation) checked out in sibling directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, ensure that you have both [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) and [`ansible/ansible-documentation`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation) repositories checked out at the same directory level.
```

> Lastly, run the various tasks with the tagging tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, run the appropriate commands with the tagger script.
```

> Show tags from ansible-core that are not present here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for new tags in the `ansible-core` repository:

```

```bash
./hacking/tagger/tag.py new-tags
```

> Determine missing `anisble-core` releases from `--branch`. Create corresponding tags for releases in `ansible-documentation`, and push them:

Reviewer: TBH I'm not sure what you mean with the first sentence.

Author: Yeah, I don't know how to clearly express this. I have the code bases checked out at ~/projects/ansible/ansible and ~/projects/ansible/ansible-documentation (so, they're sibling dirs, at the same level). But `~/projects` is just my convention, and I added `ansible/` in there to keep all related projects together. 

It *seems* like the initial request for this implied that both code bases needed to be checked out like that, but the tool seems to find them. I'll play with it a bit and see how forgiving it is and then work on cleaning this up.

Author: After some testing on the taggers auto detection of repository locations, I've updated this section and added a bit more to the "run" bit showing how they'd be used.

Reviewer: I was referring to this sentence: "Determine missing `anisble-core` releases from `--branch`."

Could you please explain this a bit more? I don't think the tagger has a `--branch` parameter so I'm not sure what that refers to.

> Determine missing `anisble-core` releases from `--branch`. Create corresponding tags for releases in `ansible-documentation`, and push them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determine missing `anisble-core` releases from `--branch`. Create corresponding tags and push them to the `ansible-documentation` repository:
```

```bash

> ./backing/tagger/tag.py tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./hacking/tagger/tag.py tag
```

> ```

Reviewer: You might also consider adding an example with the `--remote` option because not everyone (including me) sets the upstream as origin. Maybe combine into a single codeblock like this:

```bash
# The tagger script assumes origin as the upstream remote.
./hacking/tagger/tag.py tag

# If you use something else as the upstream remote, specify the name.
./hacking/tagger/tag.py tag --remote <name> 
```

> See `--help` for extended options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See `--help` for extended options.
```

```bash
podman run --rm --tty --volume "$(pwd):/mnt:z" --workdir /mnt docker.io/library/python:3.10 bash -c 'pip install nox ; nox -s pip-compile'
```

## Creating release tags

When a tag is created in the [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) repository for a release or release candidate, a corresponding tag should be created in this `ansible-documentation` repository.

First, install the additional tagging dependencies as follows, creating or activating a `venv` as needed:

```bash
python3 -m venv ./venv

> source ./venv/bin/activated 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source ./venv/bin/activate
```

> pip -r hacking/tagger/requirements.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install -r hacking/tagger/requirements.txt
```

Author: Found that as I was walking through it to test the repo detection. Already fixed

```bash
podman run --rm --tty --volume "$(pwd):/mnt:z" --workdir /mnt docker.io/library/python:3.10 bash -c 'pip install nox ; nox -s pip-compile'
```

## Creating release tags

When a tag is created in the [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) repository for a release or release candidate, a corresponding tag should be created in this `ansible-documentation` repository.

> First, install the additional tagging dependencies as follows, creating or activating a `venv` as needed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, install the additional tagging dependencies from this repository as follows, creating or activating a `venv` as needed:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer 3: I used the extra space is used in the rest of the README

```suggestion
``` bash
```

python3 -m venv ./venv
source ./venv/bin/activate
pip install -r hacking/tagger/requirements.txt

> ```

Reviewer 3: We should probably add a nox session to do this instead, but I don't consider that a blocker here.

Author: Why don't we add that to the backlog once this PR is complete. I'd be happy to try wrapping my head around that.

Reviewer 2: @x1101 that would be great, thanks! We'd welcome a separate PR for that.

> Next, ensure that you have both [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) and [`ansible/ansible-documentation`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation) repositories checked out.  The tool assumes that both checkouts are done from the same directory, or you can override this with the `--docs` and `--core` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, ensure that you have both [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) and [`ansible/ansible-documentation`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation) repositories checked out. The tool assumes that both checkouts are done from the same directory. You can set different paths to your checkouts with the `--docs` and `--core` options.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: As someone who's never done this, I'm trying to see if I can follow these instructions.  I'm unsure what this section means by 'checkout done from same directory'.

So for example, locally, I have `ansible-documentation` dir and `ansible` dir at the same level but different directories.  So a git checkout would be:
```
samccann:ansible$ git checkout devel
samccann:ansible-documentation$ git checkout devel
```
Does this mean I need the `--docs` and` --core `options?
`

Author: No, having `ansible/ansible` and `ansible/ansible-documentation` in the same directory is what the tool expects, so you wouldn't need to use the `--docs` and `--core` options. if you had them in different locations for some reason (say, you had docs in one place, but did a checkout of core in a temp location) then you'd need to specify one or the other specific paths. 

I'd love some advice on how to make that easier to understand from the documentation.

> Next, ensure that you have both [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) and [`ansible/ansible-documentation`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation) repositories checked out. The tool assumes that both checkouts have the same parent directory. You can set different paths to your checkouts with the `--docs` and `--core` options if you have them setup another way.

Reviewer 3: I changed `both` -> `the` and `setup` (noun) -> `set up` (verb) and added a semantic line break.

```suggestion
Next, ensure that you have the [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) and [`ansible/ansible-documentation`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation) repositories checked out.
The tool assumes that both checkouts have the same parent directory. You can set different paths to your checkouts with the `--docs` and `--core` options if you have them set up another way.
```

Lastly, run the appropriate command(s) with the tagger script.

> Search for tags in the ansible-core repository that are missing from ansible-documenmtation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for tags in the `ansible-core` repository that are missing from the `ansible-documentation` repository.
```

> Search for tags in the `ansible-core` repository that are missing from the `ansible-documentation` repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From  your `ansible-documentation directory`, search for tags in the `ansible-core` repository that are missing from the `ansible-documentation` repository.
```

```bash
./hacking/tagger/tag.py new-tags
```

> Determine missing anisble-core releases. Create corresponding tags for releases in ansible-documentation, and push them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the preceding command shows that there are new `ansible-core` tags, create corresponding ones for the `ansible-documentation` repository as follows:
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: Running the `tag` subcommand directly should do the job. It just exits normally if there is nothing to tag. `new-tags` is mainly there for debugging and informational purposes, so I'm not sure it makes sense to demonstrate it here. The goal of the script is to provide a *single* idempotent command that does everything for all the actively supported branches without the user having to perform extra steps or decision making.

Author: Thanks for the insight on this. I'll tune this up to align with that.

```bash

> # The tagger scripts assumes "origin" as the upstream remote

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The tagger scripts assumes "origin" as the upstream remote.
```

./hacking/tagger/tag.py tag

> # If you use a different upstream remote, specify the name like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If you use a different upstream remote, specify the name.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
``` bash
```

./hacking/tagger/tag.py --remote <name> tag 

> # If your core repo is in a non-default location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If your core repo is not in the same filesystem location, specify the path.
```

> ./hacking/tagger/tag.py --core <path> tag

Reviewer 3: I like the different examples with comments. Thank you.

```bash
podman run --rm --tty --volume "$(pwd):/mnt:z" --workdir /mnt docker.io/library/python:3.10 bash -c 'pip install nox ; nox -s pip-compile'
```

## Creating release tags

When a tag is created in the [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) repository for a release or release candidate, a corresponding tag should be created in this `ansible-documentation` repository.

First, install the additional tagging dependencies as follows, creating or activating a `venv` as needed:

```bash
python3 -m venv ./venv
source ./venv/bin/activate

> pip insatll -r hacking/tagger/requirements.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install -r hacking/tagger/requirements.txt
```

```

> Next, ensure that you have both [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) and [`ansible/ansible-documentation`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation) repositories checked out.  The tool assumes that both checkouts are done from the same directory, or you can override this with the `--docs` and `--remote` options. For example:

Reviewer: I think the `--remote` option is for the name of the upstream remote, rather than anything to do with the location of the checkout on the filesystem.

For example, here's mine:

```
$ git remote -v
upstream	git@github.com:ansible/ansible-documentation.git (fetch)
upstream	git@github.com:ansible/ansible-documentation.git (push)
```

Whereas the tagger defaults to "origin" as the remote name for upstream.

Author: Yeah, that was a typo. Fixed.

```bash
# Enter your projects directory
cd ~projects/

# Clone core
git clone https://github.com/ansible/ansible.git

# Clone docs
git clone https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation.git

# confirm
ls -1
ansible

> ansible-documentation

Reviewer: This seems a little too much detail. I think it's better to be concise and just make it clear that both repos need to be checked out at the same level of the filesystem.

Author: I pulled it back out. Thanks for the feedback

```

Lastly, run the appropriate commands with the tagger script.

Search for new tags in the `ansible-core` repository:

```bash
./hacking/tagger/tag.py new-tags
```

Determine missing `anisble-core` releases from `--branch`. Create corresponding tags for releases in `ansible-documentation`, and push them:

```bash
# The tagger scripts assumes "origin" as the upstream remote
./hacking/tagger/tag.py tag

# If you use a different upstream remote, specify the name like this
./hacking/tagger/tag.py --remote <name> tag 

# If your core repo is in a non-default location

> ./hacking/tagger/tag.py --core <location> tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./hacking/tagger/tag.py --core <path> tag
```

Author: Fixed
